So what is going on guys this is Ryan here and welcome back to another funny moments montage
So I figured what better time to do this than today
I'm gonna keep this intro real short while there's a load of great clips
I had a real difficult time picking and choosing too it so many highlights over the past like six months or so I need to
Do these more often it's the only solution we got uh so guys
I hope you are having a great Christmas today have an awesome time and let's get straight into this video
I mean firemen watch this crack. Let's go. Let's go
We've lost him I've gotta go
We're gonna have to do it. That's the only way my Ingenium definition all the other way around
I don't care time come from the ribs
Well yeah, I have no words, I mean as we know in the last episode guys. I make some pretty good
Where you guy do that now we learn the timings of a lot of stuff as you can see like
Look at this guy's boosting through this now
okay beast it into a wall as well keepin it real through and through even when dying I don't know where I am and the
Lack of detail kind of makes me think I'm getting to the back into the ship
Yeah, what kind of now now I don't like this whatsoever. I really don't like this
What the Freak why is that thing there that I'm at 44 I'm dead I'm dead I'm dead I'm
Dead I'm at 1%. Oh my god. Where is it bro? I'm so done
I am so frickin then all I can do is get higher so that my oxygen doesn't run out oh my god. Why?
And it's gone alright, this is the first encounter here then so I really hope this is the neighbor alright. Let me just see
Who the Freak we're about to see here if it's the neighbor again
this dude
are you kidding are you kidding
with the Hello Neighbour music
so neighbor killed neighbor as he just killed me unless maybe in this realm
Everyone is a neighbor now including myself hold up hold up hold up. Let me just see come on
I mean get nice and close. Oh you think it'll give me the keys under the stone beneath the mailbox
Oh, yeah, frickin see that. You know what neighbor hold that stone for me. Okay? What are you with okay?
I missed I'm gonna shut up now. I'm in
What the Freak let me just seal this room
Who the freak is this
I don't know if I can help you my man
There's literally a gateway here, and you could go straight out the front door
But you choose to stay in the corner, and here comes your brother
Okay, now looks like the old so it was the old basement
He barricaded the door when we went down his dude works quick though like this is the alpha-2 house, okay?
We can kind of see this why is he locked the bathroom so in another sorry oh boy, and he's moving don't understand here
Okay, I've turned it. He's caught me. I got no
Neighbors down below little jump yes this helps out loads, and we turn that I think we're all good man
He's just above let me see he's taking some kind of hoop
Well that was a freakin back and you see that I need to put the valve atop there
I I can and I can just about turn it. Why sure hope that's for where the shark is
Fricking got him look at this dingus will neighbor you see this Shark right here. Here's what I think of this junk
Yeah, I think I triggered the neighbor by doing actually let me just take this to me through the freaking key
That's a very pretty key. I gotta say that secondly like neighbor, but why you burying keys in confident in a game number one
That's the fear supermarket. We could do that one out the way
Ok so there's five things all in the shopping car this one should be good
Please don't give me any red ok there's one
There's two keep it coming keep it coming
One last one and we are good to go and let's take our fricking shopping with us, and umm what's the dealio?
Why is it stuck so we do the shopping then we can't even take it with us?
And then we have to leave the place after paying yeah, we just got done goofed
Secrets discovered 1 million likes and I'll do a part 12 why hold up
Hold up does it know I'm here is he doing like rounds. I don't know what's going on
I think he may ahhh! what the Freak dude?
I mean I guess some getting shot there jump-scare what then oh my god. I've got it the TV
How many nights did up guys will we do bad no no no no no it's so close with so freaking close guys
Oh my god. Oh, my god. Don't get me ahhh! come on. Yes
no! way
what guys that is complete and utter bs
Hey, I mean we're searching for your paper airplane or paper boat whatever it was
No no no dude, I'm shaking so much right now
I feel like a kid
Like this little kid right there
That was not nice at all. He's in the vents right now. He's above the ceiling Lucy's out of the room
Okay, the experience isn't over so something Bad's about to happen, dude
Hey
I've seen him nice white hey. What's your dentistry? Huh? I say we keep no secrets are best kept that way okay
Yeah, so who we got next then who is it it's this guy
Okay
So it doesn't matter the phase all the little gummy worm things as well - through that - through that - through that keep this
Moving this guy's kind of easy like I don't really find the projectiles in the air too difficult
know what you know what you know what don't focus on the head or
Actually, no only focus on the head and get some work in here guys
I'm getting some freaking work in here like I'm actually doing this. Okay know if I'm close like I quit I'm nowhere
I'm not even close to the end this games about to make me freakin cry, bro. I hate the b-
You know what let me do this let me do this come on let's hit let's go
That's some. Good damage right there. oh, my god. I am like shaking right now guys. I just want to beat this thing
Yes
Get some shots in get some shots in pub. We're missing
We're missing the bullets are travelling up so if we dip down like that. We're good. Okay. I see that okay
I'm not gonna give up though right. I'm not gonna give up this quickly
What hit me there? I'm not sure I'm not sure I'm not gonna be
No that didn't count no
We did no damage no
Damage, let's go. Let's go ok jump. dodge back like that. Are you kidding me you freakin cheap guy look at this junk
Just don't overlay the picture of a closed door behind that sound effect oh
Oh, I snuck up right now, it's dormant
Okay, I'm not gonna explain that sound effect like which end is he coming up don't hit me with battle at the moment
I sneak attack this thing
Okay, here we go. You don't know you don't freaking know. Yeah, let's go
What the Freak?
Yeah, I took a shot, but I missed completely
And we'll never see Lily again I hear him and walking away quickly
my dude why the freak do you have to do that
omg get in go drive drive drive drive drive
geez dude
omg
come on run bro you got this bro
You got this bro you got this keep going
No that's a wall. go to the right go to the right this one here. Go to right go to right please let it be the way
Right let me try and save this person real quick let me try to save this person real quick oh shoot
Get some shots. I'm okay. I completely missed right there
Welcome back to Freddy fazbear's pizzaria simulator
Aka five nights at with extreme phone crippling anxiety
This always makes you think like you're gonna get killed, but actually bro.You are gonna get killed and it gets worse and i mean i need frickin help
We're gonna cut the whole anxiety bit. This is a nice pizzeria
We don't want people coming in this place scared for their lives. Okay, now. That's it. Okay wait
What maybe this is a stupid idea though? You know I don't know man
We got a live and learn I suppose or I guess live and then die and then learn after death the days were ordering some cups
right now
I have deprived oh
Yeah, but I got a freaking older Cubs for children come on baby and apparently we can just drive straight through it
So it's either gonna be on the top or the Bottom of this place
So we got but I mean we're never gonna make it now
We just freakin died it it could be on any lap Wow cut me up like
Right now okay guys. Thank you for crashing into me. I'm just ordering some cups and stuff. We've got the noises
No I trust you I
Wanna check out ducktales the gym I have no idea how this could even be linked oh my god
Now I see
Now there's two dogs okay, first round man its looking like an ace look if we look behind we're literally playing the game
I'm gonna get that checked out by the way kid like you don't play sewers. Where's mom huh?
Huh, oh my god, oh my freaking God as I move what a freakin janky ass arm, tho, this is weird
mom close that freaking window dude nothing's changing. I've shot this so many times. I don't know what's going on
Oh, my god. Give me that Oh
I was shooting him so much bro.Okay, okay?
I see most of all like mom and that pumpkin is bigger than my future
Maybe the zombie outbreak is a known thing it takes a kid then to pick up after the cops of this one
Huh all right well even need me, let's do it
It's like in my chest right now what I don't know how to tell if we're about to get like done goofed or something check
On baby. I'll shine the light still don't see you so we're good here
Breakfast hey, Baby. Yeah.Uhh We're are here dude. I just checked on them twice
What if that didn't register? I'm gonna be super duper mad
First question why is there a bike here second question how the frig did you get here
All Mount Hill citizens have disappeared
How does this relate to the recent tragedy plot twist it doesn't and I push this do I need to push this or can I?
just like uhhhhm
Send him into the swine wait
After I've just pooped okay, no if
Do for the fans is right there I?
Need that oh boy, this ain't looking good, this is not looking good
I'm actually gonna close this guy's I can't look at this guy. I'm sorry getting over it with Bennett funny
I mean, I think we're about to fall with Bennett 40 right now and here we go inside the cauldron and wait
Yes, good job. My dude good job. No
No, no, no, I think you can actually put the hammer down the bomb and push it okay. That's a viable strap. What the
That's the halfway point just there it looks good, okay, okay, it's in it no no I'm about to
I'm right at the very